[Music]
hey folks is Jason here with the muscle
program calm I want to share a quick
review on a multivitamin called up do
moon from optimal nutrition
now there's I'm not going to make this a
lengthy video but there's two two really
good points I want to make about this
multivitamin as you can see there's a
long list of ingredients on the back
here you can google that and look it up
for yourself not going to go through all
the ingredients there's basically the
essential vitamins and minerals that you
need
there's amino acid blend there's a looks
like there's some digestive enzymes
there's there's some good fatty acids in
here looks like all kind of stuff
there's stuff for energy again you can
google a label and look it up I did some
comparing of the label and how much of
each ingredient that you get compared to
other you know hardcore multivitamins is
out there on the market and Optima has
just as much if not more of the
essentials and each serving so that's
one thing so the next thing I did was
okay well well now let's compare price
that this is if opting mint is similar
to all the other stuff that's out there
don't give or take
let's compare the price now opting men
there's there's three tablets per
serving or each time for each serving
the serving size is three tablets
there's 60 servings in this container
here so you take three every day with
food I take Michael my post-workout
shake this is two months worth of
vitamins here all the other or Gore
multivitamins out there and I'm not
knocking them there's great products out
there there's their stuff like an Tobias
Bari and I believe I got a review on
that if I've got to review an animal
pack those are great products but but
when we're talking about what's into
here and what you need you know as far
as your essentials go in price this is
definitely a better bargain because
they're all the other stuff out there is
like anywhere from like 20 maybe 20 to
like 30 days worth and it's more
expensive than opting min which is
sixty days worth so it's kind of a
no-brainer you know no I will say how
you do and this is my opinion I do
believe up human is geared towards the
athlete the bodybuilder the way trainer
you know the power lifter or if you're
just a average Joe like me that just
does this recreationally I just like
love lifting weights I always have you
know is this geared towards people like
us I mean even if you're not lifting you
still need some sort of multivitamin
because you're probably not getting it
in your diet alone and if you're if
you're weight training or you definitely
need this this needs to be your first
and foremost supplement that you're
taking so and as you can see I've got -
I just ordered another one because I'm
about to take this for another two
months so anyway that's my review on
opting min by optimal nutrition so hope
you enjoy it and we'll see you
[Music]
you